Offr Portland - DRAFT
GOAL
Offr is a tool that quickly and easily creates direct connections for people in a specific locality by providing a communication channel with enhanced options - it cuts out the middle-man and profit enhancing algorithms. The core value of Offr is to create reliable connections.
Offr is an App with the high level goal of being a one-stop-shop to directly connect a user with a person, service, task provider or event in their local area. Offr also provides a marketplace to advertise services, manage and grow business connections, start local community activities and to network by organizing joint activities with individuals or groups.
Ultimately Offr will recommend local services, events and activities to users based on user-profile and past activity.
Brands
Offr Meet - Networking
Offr Serivces - Single task or session
Offr Events - Publicity, payment and ticketing
Offr Work - Long term hiring


Offr Starters
If an Offr Starter is an individual who would like to arrange a joint activity, advertise a service or publicize an event. The Offr Starter can create an Offr using a template and entering specific details.
Offr Makers
Offr Makers are individuals who use the App and search for activities, services or events that interest them. They are connected with the Offr Starter to arrange an activity, purchase a service, sign up for an event and negotiate the price.
Offr Meets
An Offr Meet is when two or more users agree and get together. If a service is provided, a price can be negotiated through the communication channel. Offr promotes reliable participation and Offr Starters and Offr Makers can view past activity of others to ensure consistent connections.

SUGGESTED PROJECT BREAKDOWN


We suggest breaking up development of  functionality into three distinct phases with specific functional  areas and deliverables. The scope, actions and timelines listed below are just suggestions for discussion.

Phase I: January 1st - March 31st 2020 (suggested)

Scope:
Create profile / edit user profile
Search profiles
Offer negotiation - communication platform
Offr Expiration
Manual curation
Social log-in
UX for easily managing multiple offers
Payment per listing for services

Actions:
Break functionality into different phases
Set realistic timeline
Define scope for all phases
Document requirements - phase I:
One to one Offr
One to many Offr
Services
Implement Trello or other Kanban solution
Identify tech stack
Define markets for all phases
Create user stories for phase I
UX
Wireframes
Design
Define fields for templates:
Account profile
Social
Single service
Define requirements for back-end engineering
Create templates
Reach out to target markets

Suggested Markets:
Offr Meet - Neworking Activities: Yoga, Rock climbing, Tennis, Etc…
Offr Services: Chauffeur professional / Limo, Personal Trainer, Hair Stylist, Tutor, Therapist, Life coach, Photographer, Baby siting, Diaper pick-up, Writer, Model, Dog Walker, Dog Washer, Car Detail, Mobile Ding Repair, Seamstress, Handyman, Computer Assistant for elderly, Massage Therapist, Farmer’s CPA food club, Stripper/Dancer, Housekeeper, Energy Healing, Laundry service, Gardener.

Success Criteria:
Launch version 1.0 of Offr app to App Store and Google play with outlined functionality by 3/31/2020. Include message of what’s to come in next phase.


Phase II: April 1st - June 30th  2020 (suggested)

Scope:
Payment / escrow
Credits
Mediation
Collateral
Reviews / ratings
Events
Calendar: Time-based services
Implement advertising

Actions:
Define requirements / create user stories for phase II
Enhanced UX
Wireframes and design for new areas
Define fields for new templates:
Payments and credits
Events
Reviews / ratings
Calendar
Advertising
Create templates
Reach out to new target markets

Suggested Markets:
Expand previous markets
Event promoters
Local advertisers

Success Criteria:
User base of XX (TBD). Launch version 1.5 of Offr app to App Store and Google play with outlined functionality including advertising by  6/30/2020. Offr activity of ??. Revenue of $AA.


Phase III: July 1st - September 30th 2020 (suggested)

Proposed Scope - will depend on activity and feedback:
Review using tags
Service tagging / faceted search
Rideshare - would we be competing with Uber / Lyft - compliance and regulations?
Individual template design
Connection suggestions
Self rating / Offr rating - matching
QR codes for events
Offr Kids

Actions:
Define requirements / create user stories for phase III
Enhanced UX
Wireframes and design for new areas
Define fields for new templates:
Rideshare
Kids
Custom templates
Rating
Create templates
Reach out to new target markets

Suggested Markets:
Expand previous markets
Rideshare
Kids

Success Criteria:
User base of YY (TBD). Launch full 2.0 version of Offr app to App Store and Google play with outlined functionality including advertising by 9/30/2020. Offr activity of ??. Revenue of $BB.
